cellfinder-core and cellfinder-napari merge update (#104)
brainglobe/brainglobe.github.io: docs/source/tutorials/cellfinder-cli/index.md

# `cellfinder` CLI has moved to `brainmapper`

The `cellfinder` command-line tool was renamed with the release of `cellfinder` version `1.0.0`.

> You can read about these changes [on our blog](/blog/version1/cellfinder_migration_live).

Author: ```suggestion
You can read about these changes [on our blog](/blog/version1/core_and_napari_merge).
```

It would probably help if I actually put the right link :sweat_smile:

What you'll most likely want to do is follow the links in the blog post to:

- Upgrade your version of the `cellfinder` package,
- Install `brainglobe-workflows` to get `brainmapper`, the same command-line tool but under it's new name.
  

> You can then [head to the `brainmapper` tutorial](../brainmapper/index.md) and follow the steps there.

Author: It seems to get auto-converted to html. The blog posts that are currently up for example have .md and seem to be fine on the live site.
